[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: getUserMedia is the first
mechanism that we had in the browser in
terms of JavaScript that allowed us to
attach to certain user media streams.
And the first one that was
defined was the webcam.
The next one was the audio
from your microphone.
And they've even created a third one now
which is they've created at a user stream
for your screen so that you can do
screen capturing through the web
through your web browser and do screen
sharing with other people or whatever.
But there's there probably in the future
be dozens of the user streams that we want
to ask the user for
permission to have access to.
And then we'll get a little stream object
in our JavaScript that will allow us to
attach to that, do something to it,
read the information out or whatever.
If you ever seen those demos that
do audio like you talk into it and
it changes your voice into
a Darth Vader voice or whatever.
They're listening to the audio stream from
your microphone pumping it into the Web
audio API and
manipulating the bits and the bytes.
So we won't talk specifically
very much about the audio but
we will talk a little bit about video.
Because one of the things that will do
at the end of the day if we have time
is why ourselves up an example where
we share video from peer to peer
which is kind of cool.
But getUserMedia allows us to attach to
a stream and pull out some video, and
then most of the time,
you attach that to something visible.
There's a kind of a subtle user
experience thing that's different between
the video from your webcam and
the audio from your microphone.
You may never thought
about this before but
most apps that you've ever been to,
they almost always, if you are, if it's.
You know capturing from your webcam they
show you visibly what is on your webcam
because we want to sort of instinctually
know what we're showing off to people.
If I'm going to pick my nose,
I'd better make sure I'm off camera or
whatever or you know if my kid comes
into the room or something like that.
And so we want to see what we're what
we're presenting across our webcam.
But the same is totally opposite with our
microphone because we don't want to hear
the echo of ourselves
talking into our computer.
So you never go to those apps and
you hear your audio coming back out.
Whenever you hear that you feel like
that's a bug in the app because you
shouldn't be hearing your
own audio coming back.
So there's kind of a subtle user
experience difference there.
Any time you design something where
you're capturing somebody's video,
there's kind of an expectation,
an unspoken expectation,
that you should probably show it
to them while you're capturing it.
It would be kind of creepy if you
showed up to some random web page and
that green light just came on and you
didn't know what the heck they were doing.
So be aware of that user
experience perspective there.
But getUserMedia, it provides us a stream.
It asks the user, is it okay for
us to get the audio or video?
Provides a stream.
In the case of the video,
all we have to do is take that stream and
set it as the source
element to a video tag and
it will display live update from the web
cam and we'll see that later today.
So this is the getUserMedia
facade in terms
of H five it's pretty straightforward.
We asked for user media on line three we
say I want it to be video obviously pass
in audio true if you
also wanted a microphone.
You're going to get a stream
a source here on line five.
That is the source that comes back that's
already been properly formatted so
that you can use it.
And then we can create a video element and
stick, so
online seven we just assign
that source directly to it.
Last thing is there's a little
quirk we have to call video.play so
it actually starts live updating.
But that's all you really need to do and
you can show somebody on the page what
you're capturing from the web cam.
It's actually really pretty
simple with very little code.
>> Student: Is there any properties for
screening quality or something.
>> Kyle Simpson: Not that I'm aware of.
The the question was is there any
properties to control the quality of it.
I think you just get whatever
the webcam is going to give you.
You can downscale it.
You can, you know,
instead of keeping thirty frames a second
you can drop every other frame or
whatever.
But I don't think there's any way for
you to tell the API to give you more or
less quality.
>> Kyle Simpson: The other reason why this
is important is because the same stream
that we're talking about here where we're
gonna attach it to a video element,
that's the exact same object that we
would want to transport across web RTC.
If we wanted to show somebody else in
some other computer our video stream.
So, if you set up
a conferencing software or
whatever, you use this exact same
mechanism to get UserMedia to pull it in.